Improved action text (#5989)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/logging/prometheus-grafana/sample.md

reviewed: 2021-09-08
previewImage: grafana-graph.png
---
See how using ServicePulse →

> INFO: Monitor messaging consumers, detect failures, automatic retries in real-time and replay dead lettered messages with minimal configuration. **[See the amazing benefits of using ServicePulse](https://particular.net/servicepulse?utm_campaign=grafana-prometheus) →**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INFO: Monitor messaging consumers, detect failures, automatic retries in real-time and replay dead lettered messages with minimal configuration. **[See the benefits of using ServicePulse](https://particular.net/servicepulse?utm_campaign=grafana-prometheus) →**
```

> INFO: NServiceBus version 8 and above can export metric data to Prometheus and Grafana via OpenTelemetry without the metrics package. See [this sample](/samples/open-telemetry/prometheus-grafana/) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
INFO: NServiceBus version 8 and above can export metric data to Prometheus and Grafana via OpenTelemetry without the metrics package. See the [Using Open Telemetry with Prometheus and Grafana sample](/samples/open-telemetry/prometheus-grafana/) for more details.
```
